Those two didn't look like ordinary people just now.
Forget it, what does it have to do with me?
Yes bridge city warriors eat chicken
Wait for my plane to be in chaos
See you in the clouds again
I'm about to find my little junior sister
When will you be back?
These three people
Ah, it is indeed the great general Qi who has won many battles
Then I will go to the little junior sister one step ahead of you
This way please.
OK
Your lord's house is too luxurious, right?
When you meet my adult, you must be careful with your words and deeds
Believe me, I ate the plum tree, let's go
Your Majesty, the name Xuning is here.
Let him in. Yes
Oh my lord
Don't be paranoid.
Call you today
Roommate guards you
Why do his eyes feel so familiar to me?
Girl, who taught you this embroidery?
I also want to know this question.
But a few years ago, I was seriously injured.
Lost the previous memory
So
So you don't know when you learned it.
Yes!
Ok, got it.
I'll ask Manager Li to take you to the mansion to familiarize yourself with it
From now on, Lao Fan, you will be the girl.
Thank you, my lord.
1 met with my family
Don't lose your manners
Hey, what kind of luggage is this?
When I was a child, the teacher asked the same
Always scolded by the master because he couldn't learn luggage